I'm old Tom Moore from the bummers' shore in the good old, golden days,
They call me a bummer and a gin sot, too, but what cares I for praise?
I wander around from town to town just like a roving sign
And all the people say, “There goes Tom Moore,” in the days of '49 –
In the days of old, in the days of gold, how oftentimes I repine
For the days of old when we dug up the gold, in the days of '49.

My comrades, they all loved me well – a jolly, saucy crew,
A few hard cases I will recall, though they all were brave and true.
Whatever the pitch, they never would flinch, they never would fret or whine,
Like good, old bricks they stood the kicks in the days of '49 –
In the days of old, in the days of gold, how ofttimes I repine
For the days of old when we dug up the gold, in the days of '49.

There was New York Jake, the butcher's boy, he was always getting tight
And, every time that he'd get full, he was spoiling for a fight.
Then Jake rampaged against a knife in the hands of old Bob Stein,
And over Jake they held a wake in the days of '49 –
In the days of old, in the days of gold, how oftentimes I repine
For the days of old when we dug up the gold, in the days of '49.

There was Poker Bill, one of the boys who was always in a game,
Whether he lost or whether he won, to him it was always the same,
He would ante up and draw his cards and would you go a hatful blind;
In a game with death Bill lost his breath in the days of '49 –
(Oh, my goodness!)
In the days of old, in the days of gold, in the day-times I repine,
In the days of old and the days of gold, those were days of '49.

There was Ragshag Bill from Buffalo I never will forget,
He would roar all day and he'd roar all night and I guess he's roaring yet,
One day he fell in a prospect hole in a roaring, bad design
And in that hole he roared out his soul in the days of '49 –
In the days of old, in the days of gold, how ofttimes I repine
For the days of old when we dug up the gold, in the days of '49.

Oh, the comrades all that I've had, there's none that's left to boast
And I'm left alone in my misery like some old, poor, wandering ghost
And I pass by from town to town, they call me the Rambling Sign --
"There goes Tom Moore, a bummer, sure" -- in the days of '49 –
In the days of old, in the days of gold, how oftentimes I repine
For the days of old when we dug up the gold, in the days of '49,
In the days of old when we dug up the gold, how ofttimes I repine,
In the days of old, in the days of gold, in the days of '49.

